fix(docs): contribution documentation cleanup (#40761)
airbytehq/airbyte: docs/contributing-to-airbyte/issues-and-requests.md

# Issues and Feature Requests

#### Report a Bug

> Bug reports help us make Airbyte better for everyone. We provide a preconfigured template for bugs to make it very clear what information we need. Check if the bug was [already reported](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Atype%2Fbug) before raising a new one to make sure you're not raising a duplicate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bug reports help us make Airbyte better for everyone. We provide a preconfigured template for reporting bugs to make it very clear what information we need. To avoid duplicate reports, check if the bug was [already reported](https://github.com/airbytehq/airbyte/issues?q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aopen+label%3Atype%2Fbug) before raising a new one. 
```
